IBM Power documentation for HCP {please table for post GA} (#5712)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/managing_hosted_bm_ibmpower.adoc

Reviewer: After the Prerequisites section in this file, add a Next steps section with a link to the `scaling_nodepool_hosted_ibmpower.adoc` file.

Author: Added a Next steps section with a link to the scaling_nodepool_hosted_ibmpower.adoc file.

[#hosted-control-planes-manage-bm-ibmpower]

> = Managing the hosted control plane clusters on x86 bare metal to attach IBM Power compute nodes (Technology Preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Managing hosted control plane clusters on 64-bit x86 bare metal to attach to IBM Power compute nodes (Technology Preview)
```

> You can use the {mce} to create and manage a Red Hat {ocp-short} hosted cluster. Hosted control planes are available as a Technology Preview on bare metal with IBM Power.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the {mce-short} to create and manage an {ocp-short} hosted cluster. Hosted control planes are available as a Technology Preview on bare metal with IBM Power.
```

[#hosted-prerequisites-bm-ibmpower]
== Prerequisites

> You must configure hosted control planes for bare metal before you can create hosted control plane clusters. See xref:..//hosted_control_planes/configure_hosted_bm_ibmpower.adoc#configuring-hosting-service-cluster-configure-ibmpower[Configuring the hosting cluster on 'x86' OCP cluster to create hosted control plane with IBM Power compute nodes (Technology Preview)] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must configure hosted control planes for bare metal before you can create hosted control plane clusters. For more information, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/configure_hosted_bm_ibmpower.adoc#configuring-hosting-service-cluster-configure-ibmpower[Configuring the hosting cluster on a 64-bit x86 OpenShift Container Platform cluster to create hosted control planes for IBM Power compute nodes (Technology Preview)].
```

> 

Reviewer: I don't think that the link in the Additional resources section applies to the IBM Power docs, so I would remove the Additional resources section from this file.

Author: Removed the Additional resources section.

[#hosted-control-planes-manage-ibmpower-next-steps]
== Next steps

> 

Reviewer 2: Thinking line 14 is _Additional resources._

Author: @swopebe as per @lahinson 's comment [here](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/pull/5712#discussion_r1396088555) have added a Next steps section with a link to the `scaling_nodepool_hosted_ibmpower.adoc` file.
Request you to check once and let me know if we still need an update here. Thanks.

Reviewer 2: I will update if needed. Next steps are required for the topic, Additional resources are links for more information, something we added to reduce in-line links. I asked for next steps because we have full tasks with links as steps. Hypershift is the only guide that is doing that. 

The compromise was "Next steps" for required links to complete the task, but it should not be used for follow on tasks or information. We need to make sure we look at the rest of the RHACM doc to see how we are using Additional resources.

I think because this book has multiple contributors now, it is going a different direction than the rest of RHACM. I plan to discuss this as a team on Monday, but for now, we can leave it here.

Reviewer 2: @lahinson we discussed so much but I forget to get to this. I think this is additional resources rather than next steps....I think next steps might be a bit confusing.

Reviewer: @swopebe I might be misunderstanding what the intent is here, but I thought that after I read this topic, the next step was to complete the "Scaling the NodePool object for a hosted cluster on IBM Power" procedure. If that's not the intent, then I agree that the link should be listed as an additional resource instead of a next step.

Author: @swopebe @lahinson updated it as shown below:
```
[#additional-resources-manage-bm-ibmpower]
=== Additional resources
```
Please let me know if it needs any further correction. Thanks.

Reviewer 2: I think that is great.
